projects/README_EXAMPLE.md, before:

# Project 1: Marshmallow Animation

* Author: Grace Hopper
* Class: CS121 Section 2
* Semester: Fall 2018 

## Overview

This Java application displays an animated marshmallow with features based on
user input specifying sponginess, color, sugar density, and burn resistance.

## Reflection

There were parts of this that were really challenging, particularly reading 
the input from the users. Once I figured that out, I really enjoyed showing
the marshmallow!

Write a two paragraph reflection describing your experience with this 
project. Talk about what worked well and what was challenging.  
Did you run into an issue that took some time to figure out?  
Tell us about it. What did you enjoy, what was less desirable? Feel
free to add other items (within the two paragraph limit).

## Compiling and Using

To compile, execute the following command in the main project directory:
```
$ javac Marshmallow.java
```

Run the compiled class with the command:
```
$ java Marshmallow
```

You will be prompted for integer values representing distance to the fire,
fire intensity, marshmallow burn resistance, and marshmallow sugar density.

## Sources used

- I found code for adding sound effects on stackoverflow.com.
[Sound Effects in Java](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/20354508/sound-effects-in-java)

Commit message:

Updated using reflection questions from updated template

projects/README_EXAMPLE.md, after:

# Project 1: Marshmallow Animation

* Author: Grace Hopper
* Class: CS121 Section 2
* Semester: Fall 2022 

## Overview

This Java application displays an animated marshmallow with features based on
user input specifying sponginess, color, sugar density, and burn resistance.

## Reflection

There were parts of this that were really challenging, particularly figuring 
out which variables to use and how to do write the code to do the math I 
wanted it to do. Once I figured that out, I really enjoyed adding some cool
visuals, like the flying marshmallow!

- What worked well and what was a struggle? 
  - Problem solving the math was a challenge.
- What concepts still aren't quite clear?
  - I still need to better understand the order of operations.
- What techniques did you use to make your code easy to debug and modify?
  - I put a lot of comments in my code and used print statements to show values of computations.
- What would you change about your design process?
  - Draw it on a piece of paper and figure out the ratios before starting to code.
- If you could go back in time, what would you tell yourself about doing this project?
  - Start early, and if I encounter a problem, ask for help early.

## Compiling and Using

To compile, execute the following command in the main project directory:
```
$ javac Marshmallow.java
```

Run the compiled class with the command:
```
$ java Marshmallow
```

You will be prompted for integer values representing distance to the fire,
fire intensity, marshmallow burn resistance, and marshmallow sugar density.

## Sources used

- I found code for adding sound effects on stackoverflow.com.
[Sound Effects in Java](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/20354508/sound-effects-in-java)
