projects/README_TEMPLATE.md, before:

# Project #: Project Name

* Author: Your Name
* Class: CS121 Section #
* Semester: Fall 2018

## Overview

Concisely explain what the program does. If this exceeds a couple of
sentences, you're going too far. Generally you should be pulling this
right from the project specification. I don't want you to just cut and
paste, but paraphrase what is stated in the project specification.

## Reflection

Write a two paragraph reflection describing your experience with this 
project. Talk about what worked well and what was challenging.  
Did you run into an issue that took some time to figure out?  
Tell us about it. What did you enjoy, what was less desirable? Feel
free to add other items (within the two paragraph limit).

## Compiling and Using

This section should tell the user how to compile your code.  It is
also appropriate to instruct the user how to use your code. Does your
program require user input? If so, what does your user need to know
about it to use it as quickly as possible?

## Sources used

If you used any sources outside of the lecture notes, class lab files,
or text book you need to list them here. If you looked something up on
stackoverflow.com and fail to cite it in this section it will be
considered plagiarism and be dealt with accordingly. So be safe CITE!

----------
This README template is using Markdown. To preview your README output,
you can copy your file contents to a Markdown editor/previewer such
as [https://stackedit.io/editor](https://stackedit.io/editor).

Commit message:

Added more probing questions to the template.

projects/README_TEMPLATE.md, after:

# Project #: Project Name

* Author: Your Name
* Class: CS121 Section #
* Semester: Fall 2022

## Overview

Concisely explain what the program does. If this exceeds a couple of
sentences, you're going too far. Generally you should be pulling this
right from the project specification. Please don't just cut and
paste, but paraphrase what is stated in the project specification.

## Reflection

Write a brief (2-3 paragraph) reflection describing your experience with this 
project. Answer the following questions (but feel free to add other insights): 
- What worked well and what was a struggle?
- What concepts still aren't quite clear?
- What techniques did you use to make your code easy to debug and modify?
- What would you change about your design process?
- If you could go back in time, what would you tell yourself about doing this project?

## Compiling and Using

This section should tell the user how to compile your code.  It is
also appropriate to instruct the user how to use your code. Does your
program require user input? If so, what does your user need to know
about it to use it as quickly as possible?

## Sources used

If you used any sources outside of the lecture notes, class lab files,
or text book you need to list them here. If you looked something up on
stackoverflow.com and fail to cite it in this section it will be
considered plagiarism and be dealt with accordingly. So be safe CITE!

----------
This README template is using Markdown. To preview your README output,
you can copy your file contents to a Markdown editor/previewer such
as [https://stackedit.io/editor](https://stackedit.io/editor).
